hi guys and welcome to click TV we've
got a hands-on demonstration of the
canon 650d like I shiancoe you one of
the Canon protein here to demonstrate it
for me so chain what makes the 650d
different from the 600 e the big
standard difference in the 650d in the
600 e is in the very angular 2d screen
both models are very angle as you screen
with just in the 650d it is touchscreen
so in order neither menus and all my
knees are navigatable quiet or screen
you want to look at an image just like
any other touchscreen device you've got
pinch to zoom you can angle through the
shots slightly slide to the shots very
responsive to touch and then you can
also use touchscreen to navigate
training at a different settings so you
can enable/disable as many of any image
settings as you want then in Live View
mode it's actually operates the foot
shorter as well so we got this icon here
just got shutter you can touch it to
disable torture to enable so you want to
take a quick shot here of mountains yeah
so take your focus point also lots of
all this text shot for it again go into
the image so you can catch them
you can play as many different and it's
12 image that stage in terms of the
wrestler camera like security is a 18
megapixel resolution center it's a
hybrid AF CMOS sensor unlike this
activity which is CMOS sensor on top the
dial you also notice a few different
changes you know have a movie mode
button straight from the off/on movie
and I don't need to that because I
thought it might be not hammer into
movie mode manually adjusted to move as
well so you have your dedicated movie
menu options there as well we don't have
to navigate them true ography menus I
know the one it's making much more
efficient for navigation menus on top of
the dial when you die here as well
you've got two new features they've got
HD or backlight which essentially means
that if you have a backlit subject it
learn how to use the flash actually use
a HD or process to balance these photos
of the subject background and foreground
it's just like in the fight emaar tree
it combines image extreme tree frames
back to back then combined some awesome
in-camera all nuts the big difference
between 60 and 608 allows all using
features visit your quiet processor so
the 650d is the first EOS camera with
digit quite processor
we have digit y plus in the piper
mercury into one DX it's the first that
you fight we in the u.s. range mid range
yep I go back to the hybrid autofocus
and Nikon have also got that enough J 1
and in the v1 but you guys have
something different the I think it's on
sensory or pixels on explaining bit of
that to me yeah I could go true to our
slideshow oh let's not be about what
hopefully that means that there's
dedicated pixels on the sensor which
help detect focus in combining standard
contrast AF detection and also phase
detection so it's the more it's quicker
autofocus it isn't necessarily superior
auto focus to 600 e just that you have a
split second quicker response the
advantage of which are mainly seen are
mostly noticeable when you go into video
mode cool free of anything else we can
look out for with 650d yeah you also
have the feature it's come down again
does seen in the 5d Mark tree so you can
rate your images oh yeah if you want to
go into rating right see like then you
can rate them with one start five stars
and save you some time and
post-production in terms of sorting your
images thanks very much easier real
process especially for a non alone yeah
again combined with the DPP software and
image browser it'll make your make your
workflow far more efficient well thank
you very much shame there you have it
our hands on with the 650d and see you
guys next time on click TV